Packable wrappers (#623)
iotaledger/bee: docs/dev/specs/packable.md

```rust

> pub trait Packable: Sized {

Reviewer: Add pack_new

Author: the whole method or just the signature?

Reviewer: Yeah maybe you can abbreviate the impl into `...`

    type PackError;
    type UnpackError;

    fn pack<P: Packer>(&self, packer: &mut P) -> Result<(), PackError<Self::Error, P::Error>>;

    fn packed_len(&self) -> usize;

    fn unpack<U: Unpacker>(unpacker: &mut U) -> Result<Self, UnpackError<Self::Error, U::Error>>;
}
```

> - The `PackError` and `UnpackError` associated type represent a semantic errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `PackError` and `UnpackError` associated types represent semantic errors
```

Following the example above, unpacking a `Maybe` value that starts with a `tag`
value different from `0` or `1` should fail. To represent this kind of error we
introduced the `UnknownTagError<T>` type. This type is used as
`Packable::UnpackError` when deriving `Packable` for an enum, the `T` type used is
the one specified in the `tag_type` attribute. Additionally, we use the
`core::convert::Infallible` type as `Packable::UnpackError` for structs by
default. For the `Packable::PackError` type we use `core::convert::Infallible`
by default for all the types.

However, sometimes it is necessary to use a different error type when deriving
`Packable`. Two examples where this can happen are when `Packable` is being
derived for a type that contains a field which has a custom implementation of
`Packable` or when `Packable` is being derived for a struct whose fields use a
`Packable::PackError` or `Packable::UnpackError` type different from
`Infallible`. In that case the user can specify a custom error type using the
`#[packable(pack_error = ...)]` and `#[packable(unpack_error = ...)]`

> attributes. The type used in these attribute must implement `From<E>` where `E`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
attributes. The type used in these attributes must implement `From<E>` where `E`
```

can be the associated error types of any field of the type.

### Wrapped views

Some types might be packed and unpacked in different ways. An example of this

> are collections with dynamic-lengthas most of them are packed by prefixing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are collections with dynamic-length as most of them are packed by prefixing
```
